{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21760\viewh14740\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Model Folder Documentation
\fs24 \
\
This folder houses all of the models that will be used in the project.  All model files should be in the FBX format.  \
\

\fs36 For Rigged FBX files:
\fs24 \
Models that are rigged should be placed in the Rigs folder and should have the genericRig or humanoidRig preset assigned to them.  These presets will enable the rig settings on the FBX file.\
\
Rigged FBX files should not contain animations.  Animations should be imported as a separate FBX file and processed according to the instructions below for animated FBX files.\
\

\fs36 For Static FBX files:\

\fs24 Models that are not rigged and do not contain animations should be placed in the StaticModels folder.\
\
The default import setting on all FBX files removes the avatar, animations, and materials.  For static FBX files, this should be fine.  You will need to create a material for your mesh and put it in the Materials folder.\

\fs36 \
For Animated FBX files:\

\fs24 Animated FBX files don\'92t need to have geometry, only the bones of the rig are necessary.\
\
For rigged characters where the animations come from FBX files, those FBX files will be placed in the AnimationFBXs folder.\
\
To avoid having to rename the clip once in Unity, we use the @ in the FBX name, which Unity will recognize when naming the animation clip of the FBX file.\
\
Animated FBXs should only contain 1 animation per FBX file.  This prevents us from needing to manually split the clips in Unity.\
\
In order to be able to edit those animation clips, the clips will need to be duplicated from the FBX and moved into the Clips folder.  This will allow us to modify the keys of the animated clips.  The animation controllers should use the duplicated clip and not the one associated with the FBX file.  \
\
Use the appropriate animation preset on the FBX file when importing.  If the file is an animation for a humanoid character, use the humanoidAnimation preset in the Presets -> Animation folder.  If the file is a generic animation, use the genericAnimation preset in the Presets -> Animation folder.\
\

\fs36 Naming Convention:
\fs24 \
fileType_fileName_modifier\
\

\fs28 Name Prefix:
\fs24 \
Static FBXs: mesh\
Rig FBXs: rig\
Animated FBXs: rigName@anim\
\

\fs28 Static FBXs:
\fs24 \
Example: mesh_cubeExample_01\
\

\fs28 Rig FBXs:
\fs24 \
Example: rig_cubeExample_01\
\

\fs28 Animated FBXs:
\fs24 \
Example: cubeExample@anim_idle_cubeExample}