{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21760\viewh14320\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 Animation Folder Documentation
\fs24 \
\
This folder houses all of the animations that will be used in the project.  For animated objects, we will use the Mecanim system and not the legacy Animator component.  As such, all animated objects should be using animation controllers and animation clips for their states.\
\

\fs36 For Animated FBX files:
\fs24 \
For rigged characters where the animations come from FBX files, those FBX files will be placed in the AnimationFBXs folder.\
\
To avoid having to rename the clip once in Unity, we use the @ in the FBX name, which Unity will recognize when naming the animation clip of the FBX file.\
\
Animated FBXs should only contain 1 animation per FBX file.  This prevents us from needing to manually split the clips in Unity.\
\
In order to be able to edit those animation clips, the clips will need to be duplicated from the FBX and moved into the Clips folder.  This will allow us to modify the keys of the animated clips.  The animation controllers should use the duplicated clip and not the one associated with the FBX file.  \
\
Use the appropriate animation preset on the FBX file when importing.  If the file is an animation for a humanoid character, use the humanoidAnimation preset in the Presets -> Animation folder.  If the file is a generic animation, use the genericAnimation preset in the Presets -> Animation folder.\
\

\fs36 Naming Convention:
\fs24 \
fileType_fileName_modifier\
\

\fs28 Name Prefix:
\fs24 \
Animation Clips: anim\
Animation Controllers: cont\
Avatars: avatarMask\
Animation FBXs: rigName@anim\
\

\fs28 Animation Clips:
\fs24 \
Example: anim_idle_01\
\

\fs28 Controllers:
\fs24 \
Example: cont_targetName\
\

\fs28 Avatars:
\fs24 \
Example: avatarMask_maskName\
\

\fs28 AnimationFBXs:
\fs24 \
Example: rigName@anim_clipName_rigName}